gh-91755: Document Py_IncRef and Py_DecRef as C function. (#91805)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/refcounting.rst

   It is a good idea to use this macro whenever decrementing the reference
   count of an object that might be traversed during garbage collection.

.. c:function:: void Py_IncRef(PyObject *o)

>    :c:func:`Py_IncRef` is a simply exported function version of :c:func:`Py_XINCREF`,
>    which provides conveniences for runtime dynamic embedding of Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Increment the reference count for object *o*. A function version of :c:func:`Py_XINCREF`.
   It can be used for runtime dynamic embedding of Python.
```
- Say what it does
- The "simply exported" wording doesn't make sense here
- Tighten up wording

.. c:function:: void Py_DecRef(PyObject *o)

>    :c:func:`Py_DecRef` is a simply exported function version of :c:func:`Py_XDECREF`,
>    which provides conveniences for runtime dynamic embedding of Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Decrement the reference count for object *o*. A function version of :c:func:`Py_XDECREF`.
   It can be used for runtime dynamic embedding of Python.
```
